docs: style guide update + readme (#1130)
redpanda-data/documentation: README.md

[![Slack](https://img.shields.io/badge/slack-purple)](https://redpanda.com/slack)
[![Twitter](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/redpandadata.svg?style=social&label=Follow)](https://twitter.com/intent/follow?screen_name=redpandadata)

<p>
<a href="https://docs.redpanda.com">
<object type="image/svg+xml">
  <img src="static\img\redpanda-docs-logo.svg"/>
</object>
</p></a>

> This is the documentation repository of Redpanda. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository hosts the source code and content for the Repanda documentation website. 
```

> If you're looking for the [Redpanda product repository, click here](https://github.com/redpanda-data/redpanda). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The source code for the Redpanda product is hosted in the [`redpanda-data/redpanda` repository]((https://github.com/redpanda-data/redpanda). 
```
